Adjust FAQ content (#24)
mmo/sonar.ch: content/faq.md

#### Which access options are possible to choose: open, embargoed, others?

Open and embargoed publications are available in the [Shared repository](/iraas/#shared_vs_dedicated). Closed access is also possible in [Dedicated repositories](/iraas/#shared_vs_dedicated). More details on the [IR hosting](/iraas/) page.

#### Which licencing models are admitted for deposited publications?

These are the currently available options, but this list can be extended according to client's needs:

* CC0
* CC BY
* CC BY-NC
* CC BY-NC-ND
* CC BY-NC-SA
* CC BY-ND
* CC BY-SA
* Other OA / licence undefined
* Not OA / Rights reserved

#### What about author's copyrights? Are they transferred to SONAR?

No. Currently, SONAR is a *deposit* facility; it retains no rights, apart from the (non-exclusive) right to store and index the contents and make them available online. Rights of use are determined by the depositing institution (see previous questions).

#### Which document types are accepted? Are datasets accepted?

Yes, datasets are accepted in two ways.

> - For each record, a main file can be added, as well as additional files (annexes, figures, datasets).

Reviewer: Add a new line before, otherwise it won't appear as a list

## Search and explore data {#search}

[🔝 Back to top](#top)

#### Are the full-text contents indexed, or only metadata?

Both. SONAR indexes all the full-text contents. By default, the search interface only provides results based on metadata search, for reasons of relevance. But a button easily allows the user to extend the search to the full-text contents.

#### Which searching facets/filters are available?

The facets below are available. Other can be added according to client's needs. The beta SONAR can be tested here: [sonar.test.rero.ch](https://sonar.test.rero.ch).

* Document type
* Swiss affiliation
* Year
* Specific collection
* Language
* Author
* Subject
* Organisation

#### Which sorting options are available?

For now, SONAR does not have sorting options, but it is on the roadmap: we intend to integrate a basic sort by date (ascending, descending) and title. Other are not excluded if there is a need.

#### In a [Dedicated repository](/iraas/#shared_vs_dedicated), are the search results coming from the global SONAR or only from that specific repo?

> A [Dedicated repository](/iraas/#shared_vs_dedicated) is isolated and self-contained, hence search results are limited to its own contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [Dedicated repository](/iraas/#shared_vs_dedicated) is self-contained and has a specific independent search interface. Its content might also be displayed in the SOANR global interface.
```
